README.md, before:

# BugMark README

BugMark - A Blockchain Market for Software Vulnerabilities and Issues

## Development VM Configuration

Follow these steps to set up a working development environment running on an
Ubuntu Virtual machine.

NOTE: this configuration process will install many packages and will make
changes to your user configuration, including:
- adding items to your `.bashrc`, modifying your path
- adding your UserID to `sudoers`

To preserve your settings, perform this configuration under a separate userid.

Let's get started:

1. Install VirtualBox and Vagrant on your host machine (Linux, Win, Mac OK)

2. Download the dev-machine Vagrantfile 
   `wget raw.githubusercontent.com/mvscorg/bugmark/Vagrantfile`

3. Run `vagrant up` to create a virtual machine.

4. Login to your virtual machine using `vagrant ssh`

5. Clone the repo 
   `mkdir src; cd src; git clone https://github.com/mvscorg/bugmark.git`

6. CD to the repo directory `cd ~/src/bugmark`

## Development Environment Provisioning

On the new VM:

1. Checkout the dev branch `git checkout -b dev origin/dev`

2. Install ansible `script/dev/provision/install_ansible`

3. Install ansible roles `script/dev/provision/install_roles`

4. Provision the dev machine `script/dev/provision/localhost`

5. Check database status: `systemctl status postgresql`

6. Start a new shell: `bash` (required to load your new user configuration)

## Application Bootstrap

Follow these steps to bootstrap the app in your development environment.

1. Install ruby gems `gem install bundler; bundle install`

2. Install NPM components: `yarn install`

3. Get seed data from a partner:

| PARTNER COMMAND         | YOUR COMMAND          |
|-------------------------|-----------------------|
| `script/seed/share_env` | `script/seed/get_env` |

4. Run migrations `bundle exec rails db:migrate`

5. Load seed data `script/data/all_reload`

6. Start the tmux development session `script/dev/session`

   A cheat-sheet for tmux navigation is in `~/.tmux.conf`.

## Host Web Access

1. Get the VM IP address `ifconfig`  

2. On your host machine, add the VM IP Address to `/etc/hosts`

3. On your host machine, browse to `http://<hostname>:3000`

## Online Collaboration

### SSH-Chat

Connect to the SSH-Chat server from the command line.
`script/util/sshchat`

### File Transfer

Sender: 
- type `wormhole send <filename>`
- note the wormhole code

Receiver:
- type `wormhole receive`
- get the wormhole code from the sender
- enter the wormhole code

### Terminal Sharing

Session host:
- start a tmate session `script/tmate/start`
- publish the session address `script/tmate/address`
  the session address is published onto SSH-Chat

Session participant:
- enter the ssh command with session address on your command line

### Desktop Sharing

Visit this url:

https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/desktop-sharing

- Install the desktop-sharing plugin on Chrome
- Share the desktop 
- Use `script/util/sshchat` to publish the connection url 

Pro Tips:

- Configure the desktop-sharing plugin with a fixed room name (like "bugmark").
  This will make it possible for team members to bookmark the room, and will
  enable remote sessions to auto-reconnect if a stream is interrupted.

- Share the entire desktop, not an appbugmarktion window.  The reason is that the
  app-window sharing seems to resize/crop incorrectly.

- The session participant should experiment with full-screen (F11) or normal
  browser sizing to get the best image.

## Google Hangouts

We use Google Hangouts for our weekly standups.

Commit message:

add a link to the wiki

README.md, after:

# BugMark README

BugMark - A Blockchain Market for Software Vulnerabilities and Issues

This readme covers the config and install of the bugmark software components.

For everything else relating to bugmark, including design, please use the [wiki](https://github.com/mvscorg/bugmark/wiki)

## Development VM Configuration

Follow these steps to set up a working development environment running on an
Ubuntu Virtual machine.

NOTE: this configuration process will install many packages and will make
changes to your user configuration, including:
- adding items to your `.bashrc`, modifying your path
- adding your UserID to `sudoers`

To preserve your settings, perform this configuration under a separate userid.

Let's get started:

1. Install VirtualBox and Vagrant on your host machine (Linux, Win, Mac OK)

2. Download the dev-machine Vagrantfile 
   `wget raw.githubusercontent.com/mvscorg/bugmark/Vagrantfile`

3. Run `vagrant up` to create a virtual machine.

4. Login to your virtual machine using `vagrant ssh`

5. Clone the repo 
   `mkdir src; cd src; git clone https://github.com/mvscorg/bugmark.git`

6. CD to the repo directory `cd ~/src/bugmark`

## Development Environment Provisioning

On the new VM:

1. Checkout the dev branch `git checkout -b dev origin/dev`

2. Install ansible `script/dev/provision/install_ansible`

3. Install ansible roles `script/dev/provision/install_roles`

4. Provision the dev machine `script/dev/provision/localhost`

5. Check database status: `systemctl status postgresql`

6. Start a new shell: `bash` (required to load your new user configuration)

## Application Bootstrap

Follow these steps to bootstrap the app in your development environment.

1. Install ruby gems `gem install bundler; bundle install`

2. Install NPM components: `yarn install`

3. Get seed data from a partner:

| PARTNER COMMAND         | YOUR COMMAND          |
|-------------------------|-----------------------|
| `script/seed/share_env` | `script/seed/get_env` |

4. Run migrations `bundle exec rails db:migrate`

5. Load seed data `script/data/all_reload`

6. Start the tmux development session `script/dev/session`

   A cheat-sheet for tmux navigation is in `~/.tmux.conf`.

## Host Web Access

1. Get the VM IP address `ifconfig`  

2. On your host machine, add the VM IP Address to `/etc/hosts`

3. On your host machine, browse to `http://<hostname>:3000`

## Online Collaboration

### SSH-Chat

Connect to the SSH-Chat server from the command line.
`script/util/sshchat`

### File Transfer

Sender: 
- type `wormhole send <filename>`
- note the wormhole code

Receiver:
- type `wormhole receive`
- get the wormhole code from the sender
- enter the wormhole code

### Terminal Sharing

Session host:
- start a tmate session `script/tmate/start`
- publish the session address `script/tmate/address`
  the session address is published onto SSH-Chat

Session participant:
- enter the ssh command with session address on your command line

### Desktop Sharing

Visit this url:

https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/desktop-sharing

- Install the desktop-sharing plugin on Chrome
- Share the desktop 
- Use `script/util/sshchat` to publish the connection url 

Pro Tips:

- Configure the desktop-sharing plugin with a fixed room name (like "bugmark").
  This will make it possible for team members to bookmark the room, and will
  enable remote sessions to auto-reconnect if a stream is interrupted.

- Share the entire desktop, not an appbugmarktion window.  The reason is that the
  app-window sharing seems to resize/crop incorrectly.

- The session participant should experiment with full-screen (F11) or normal
  browser sizing to get the best image.

## Google Hangouts

We use Google Hangouts for our weekly standups.
